feat: include server side logic as a dedicated function (#13)
NillionNetwork/nilrag: README.md

uv run examples/3.client_query.py --config /path/to/config.json --prompt "Your custom query here"
```

## 4. Server Handling

> The nilAI Server is responsible for handling the RAG request. We provide an example of how to run the code nilAI is using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nilAI Server is responsible for handling the RAG request. We provide an example of how to run nilAI using
```

[examples/4.server_nilrag.py](examples/4.server_nilrag.py).

> By running the script, the you querie nilDB and extract the top number of chucks most similar to your query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By running the script, you query nilDB and extract the top-k most similar chucks to your query:
```
